# employee-template-engine
Unit 10 OOP Homework: Template Engine - Employee Summary

This app is a Node CLI that takes in information about employees and generates an HTML webpage that displays summaries for each person. Since testing is a key piece in making code maintainable, you will also be ensuring that all unit tests pass. 

## Project Objective
The application will prompt the user for information about the team manager and then information about the team members. The user can imput any number of team members, and they may be a mix of engineers and interns. When the user has completed building the team, the application will create an HTML file that displays a nicely formatted team roster based on the information provided by the user. 
The application will be invoked with the following command:

```
node app.js
```

To perform tests, run the following command:

```
npm test
```

## User Story

AS A manager
I WANT to generate a webpage that displays my team's basic info
SO THAT I have quick access to emails and GitHub profiles

## Contents

This responsive application has six main Javascript file. A sample HTML file, generated by this application is also included.

### Files included

| File              | Relative Path           |
| ----------------- | ----------------------- |
| app.js | app.js |
| Employee.js | lib/Employee.js |
| Engineer.js | lib/Engineer.js |
| htmlRenderer.js | lib/htmlRenderer.js |
| Intern.js | lib/Intern.js |
| Manager.js | lib/Manager.js |
| package.json | package.json |
| package-lock.json | package-lock.json |
| README.md | README.md |

### Test Files included

| File              | Relative Path           |
| ----------------- | ----------------------- |
| Employee.test.js | test/Employee.test.js |
| Engineer.test.js | test/Engineer.test.js |
| Intern.test.js | test/Intern.test.js |
| Manager.test.js | test/Manager.test.js |

## Tools

- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) - The editor of choice
- [GitHub](https://github.com/)
- [Inquirer Package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer)

## Initial interface

### Screenshots

#### Screenshots of the VS Code and Terminal

!

#### Screenshots of the resulting README file

!

#### Walkthrough Video

!

## Licence
* [Apache License 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/)

## Link to the App

Please view a<a href=""> walkthrough video</a> hosted on Google Drive demonstrating how a user would invoke the application from the command line, enter responses to all of the inquirer prompts in the application, and finally generate a HTML file.<hr>

## Authors
* **SARAH RONALD** - 
Contact information:
sareronald@hotmail.com

